# Game 395 31608 weekly exit ticket
Austin Connolly



## Week 3
Unity package manager is a god send that allows for sharing or collaborated prefabs or already done work that users can either pay for or aqure for free. This can make life so much easier as i started using unity before package manager was as developed as it is now and prior to this you would have to manually create all of these assets yourself or scripts. General package mangers are crucial in software development not only for ease but for helping with storage and loading and so much more. Lastly, other than the fact you can sell your hard work on unity packages but you would like to create your own for ease of transfer through devices as well as overall storage saving. There is many reasons why someone would want to create unity packages but these are just a few examples.

## Week 4
Yes I have found a couple of mod kits that I wish to include within my project. One of those is the John Lemons Haunted Juant Kit, additioanly as well like we discussed within our one on one meeting I will also be including different modpacks like the dog knight I used for classwork, in addition to these other kits used will be much more small and minimal more for aesthetics and design choices. As of now I wish to utilize all of  these mod kits, although this could change depending on compiler errors and or like issues. 

## Week 5
To begin there are numerous reasons one would want to use class inheritence in unity, my favorite examples and ones I hjave used before wuld be, for information other than monobehaviors, this fauture is clutch. lets say you want your enemies to share the same base stats as your player, perfect use a class inheritence or class I.e. maybe you name it charstats, if you apply this to your upper lines of code near monobehavior the script will auto inherit and pull in all of the other referenced class information for you so you can reference data points and or hold it all in one place without having to constantly re do it all. additionally theres so many ways class inheritence is important but this is the one example I have used for frequently. Also interfaces like c# are insanely helpfl as certain command lines or text in code , i.e "on jump" or jump can be referenced and or cause debug eorros and other lines that dont get or match the reference, interfaces help eliminate this problem by fully allowing your scripts and other reference points to all match one another. Lastly, I sadly cannot exactly remember the problem occured on monday but I do remember it and it weas with unity's interfaces and it not referencing on another and or stopping a certain action for you all together when it shouldnt have.